I call it the
Jayne Payne Weathervane.
'Cause when this baby sells,
Mama's gonna make it rain.
- This looks amazing, Jayner.
- Staged it myself.
You sure did!
Thank you so much for letting us
host the talent show here.
Please, my sellers
were dying to lend it
when they heard
that Tegan and Sara
are headlining the Boathouse's
last talent show.
Last talent show.
I can't even say it
without starting to cry.
But we are
gonna go out in style.
I am bringing
the Juno award winners,
- and you're bringing...
- Land sell cheques.
Right here.
Gosh, Maisy, it must be so cool
working with celebs.
We're just people.
Well, if you want
a chance to meet them,
you could do me
a little favor,
could you pick up Tegan and Sara
from the airport?
You are my favourite person,
after my facialist,
and no one knows the roads
better than you.
I drive all my clients
to their viewings,
rain or shine,
always on time.
That's the promise of Payne.
Payne, promise,
I'm still workshopping it.
Timing is tight,
Teegs and Sara are doing
a 30-minute set, and then,
they're off to Cleveland.
I will not let you down.
Could this be the start
of Jayne Payne,
realtor to the stars?
Can you imagine?
Oh, no,
I need to prep my car.
All of my Aqua Spin bras
are drying in the back seat.
Maisers dummies Jayne,
and she's out of the game. Nice.
Well, I had to
get rid of her
to redo this "Bed, Bath
and Beyond" basic staging.
You're so hot
when you take off the gloves.
We have been so wrapped up
with my mom,
- and your midlife hissy fit.
- Search for purpose.
That I forgot
that we work best as a team,
- towards a common goal.
- Reverse cowgirl.
- My new Boathouse.
- New Boathouse?
But the land sold,
and everyone's coming out
to pick up the cut
of the payout.
Because my mom is
a very persuasive libertarian,
but I will not let her
liber-tear this lake apart.
As soon as they see
an A-list celebrity talent show,
they're gonna be screaming
for a new Boathouse.
The queen is back.
Let me kiss the ring.
Call me queen again.
♪ Got all the love I need ♪
♪ Coming to me closely
asking how you can succeed ♪
Daddy is ready to par-tay.
- Gross.
- No,
sob-watching
three seasons of "Slut Island,"
'cause your ex
left for Paris, is gross.
But that was yesterday me.
Tonight, we rock
asymmetrical mullets,
and we fangirl hard,
and when Riley sees
that we've become besties
with Tegan and Sara,
he's gonna regret everything,
but too late, mate!
I've already found love
with their steamy trainer, Dashiel.
Why do you have Riley's mail?
'Cause he knew
you'd get into it.
That's sus.
You know
that "sports lab" means STDs
or 'roids for gym queens, right?
Is my pee hole
about to spit lava?
- Ew, boundaries, Justin.
- I'm opening it.
Boundaries!
It's illegal to open
someone else's mail.
Well, it's illegal
to keep my pee hole in the dark.
Or wear that much lash
on Daddy/daughter day.
Please, please
stop using "Daddy".
And I have plans today.
Can we rain check, please?
On Tegan and Sara day?
I know, I know, I'm sorry,
but I kind of
asked someone over,
and you would be the best ever
if you left the cabin.
- For an hour.
- Only if you tell me,
does someone's name
rhyme with Shmorrest?
That is none of your schmizniz.
Well,
your schmizniz is here.
- Why is Forrest here?
- 'Cause you're
a teenage horndog.
- I invited Ivy over.
- The one that fired you?
- Right before she kissed me?
- Go off, girl!
You have to help me
get rid of him.
I'll just tell him
that you're exploring
the richness of human sexual
expression. It's beautif...
I'll tell him- I'll talk
to him Just.. just, uhh,
just.. just, just stay here!
In case Ivy shows.
Thank you.
Fine.
- Put it back, Justin!
- I didn't touch it!
I didn't.
Oh, God.
Hey, hey, hey.
- Hello.
- Um,
what are you doing here?
I'm asking this girl
to the drive-in tonight.
Yeah, that sounds
like a text conversation,
you kn... whoa.
And I need
some clean clothes.
- Of course.
- Yeah.
So, Kombuch, what do you say?
You want to eat popcorn,
and make out in the parking lot?
I do like popcorn.
- Yeah, okay. Yeah.
- Yeah?
- We'll just be quick.
- Sure.
- Like, one load, though.
- Okay.
Just the whites.
♪ Ah,
whatcha gonna do now... ♪
Let's try this again.
I need more emotion.
What does it mean to you,
what is the meaning
of this song itself?
Let's try it again.
♪ Whatcha gonna do
when I'm gone? ♪
♪ Whatcha gonna do? ♪
♪ Whatcha gonna do
when I'm gone?
Whatcha gon... ♪
What is this?
A serve.
Yeah, we're rehearsing
for tonight.
As a Bee Gees cover band?
Nana will bring
the house down
with Chilliwack's
devastating "Whatcha Gonna Do?"
It's the fundamental questions
that resonate.
It's the Boathouse's
last talent show.
What's better
than a dying woman's last song?
Opal, can I get your advice
on appies for tonight?
- Appies?
- Yeah, your dad thought
it would be a good idea
to have themed bites,
so how about "Vegan Tegan-tots
- and Sara Cream"?
- I'll handle this.
♪ Ooh, ba, ba, ba, ba, ba, ba ♪
Rest your voice, Nana. We need
it fresh and raw for tonight.
Like the oysters
I need to order.
Okay, here's
what's gonna happen.
You are gonna tell Opal
that you are too sick
to perform in tonight's
sad little hairband fantasy.
Oh, it's more prog rock
than metal.
But you can't put
Chilliwack in a box.
Mom, Tegan and Sara are very
important clients of mine
doing me a personal favor.
I cannot have you
embarrassing me.
As you wish.
That was easy.
Maisy, I'm trying to help.
What you're doing
for the lake is wonderful.
You know, when you were a girl,
you would moan
about community soirees
like talent shows.
I thought it was because
you had no real talent
of your own to share.
Hmm.
You've really grown.
Oh, my...
Do you want some snacks?
I made a vegetable tray.
Not that all lesbians
are vegetarians.
I mean,
not that you're even a lesbian,
I would offer you meat,
I mean, if you want meat,
not that kind of meat, I mean,
I could offer you
this hummus I made.
Hey.
Sorry, I was just
doin' my laundry.
And you know,
I've decided that I love...
love my old stuff,
so we can go ahead,
and return the new clothes.
But I love the new stuff.
Like, love it.
So maybe, you should try it on
first, see if it fits.
But the old clothes
are super cute, Justin,
and they make me feel snatched.
Oh, I feel you.
I've got this ratty old pair
of overalls
I just can't let go of.
Super tough.
Justin,
can you go check on my load?
- Boundaries.
- Justin.
Relax.
I'll be gentle
with your delicates.
Thank you.
I appreciate that.
Oh, and make sure
you separate them.
Yes, I will...
- separate.
- Thank you.
It is important.
It's important.
- He is, like...
- Yeah, I know.
Yeah.
Whoa, whoa,
whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
Uh, sorry, Whoreen,
Maisy said no home brews.
It's just dessert wine.
Oy, I love me
a 90 proof fruity cough syrup.
But I think
we know how Claire gets
- when she gets into it, huh?
- Oh.
Yeah, so...
...Maisy just wants
tonight to be a class act.
Turn around!
Take 'em back!
Thank you.
Hey, babe, you might
wanna light a match
before it gets in the leather.
Maisy asked me
to pick up Tegan and Sara.
So I'm giving the car just,
like, a light lavender misting,
because artists are very
sensitive to smells, so...
Well, then, don't stop
for a burrito on the way.
- Remember, last time...
- Maisy is doing me
this incredible favor,
so everything
has to go perfectly.
She offloaded
a four-hour drive on you.
If anything,
you're doing Maisy the favor.
She's giving me a shot
at the celebrity
real estate game.
If I play this right,
I could have
my very own Bravo franchise.
"Cabin Flip Bitch."
Wait, Jaynie,
if this is your moment...
you can't grab it
with your hands at ten and two.
Hear me out.
I come with, I drive back.
That way, you can work
your magic on Lady Oasis.
Fine. But no talking
to the sisters.
- Zip.
- This has to be super profesh.
Then we should
take my sea plane.
You can't fly it.
Tegan and Sara
don't know that.
Okay.
Yeah, we should drive.
Uh, good hummus.
My mom got Justin,
- like, really into legumes.
- Ooh.
Yeah.
So, uh...
- Okay, so, Ivy...
- I know.
Things have been weird
- since I fired you.
- Kissed me.
Uh, for the record,
I wasn't your boss
when I kissed you,
so not...
not creepy.
But, uh, here.
It's a reference letter.
I may have slightly exaggerated
your tree-planting skills,
but not your commitment
to climate action.
Maybe, it'll help
get another internship.
Ivy, this is so...
And I'm sorry
for kissing you, too.
I should have waited
for enthusiastic consent,
but your non-verbal cues
felt like a green light,
so I just...
No,
they were totally flashing.
Like, "Go."
Like, "Turn right
at the sign.
Or left."
I don't drive yet.
Okay, so maybe,
uh, not sorry then.
Ivy, you know the only reason
I threw the laundry party
was to impress you?
- You were trying to impress me?
- Yeah.
I've been trying
to impress you
since you saved me
in the woods.
Oh, my God.
I'm sorry about that, too.
- For saving me?
- No, no, no,
for getting,
like, weird about NCI.
I...
I applied
for the same internship,
but they straight up
ghosted me.
And here's
this literal queen
with my internship,
so I know she's smart,
and of course,
she's stunning.
And I was just
all up in my head
about running
my first crew,
but I couldn't stop thinking,
girls like that
don't go for sweaty
tree planters like me.
Well...
I don't know, Ivy, I, uh...
I think you'd be surprised
what girls like me go for.
If the non-verbals
are right.
Oh, no, no, no.
That's cool, Mr. Lovejoy.
I never sort my socks.
First, it's Justin.
I'm, like, barely
a decade and a half
older than you,
we're practically the same age.
Second, never, never, ever
say that in front of Billie.
The girl colour sorts
with a label maker.
Okay. Noted.
And thanks for being so cool
about her ditching
- Tegan and Sara Day.
- Oh, yeah.
It's okay, and I owe you
for the next
super exclusive VIP event
that comes to the lake...
never.
- Wonder what's keeping her?
- Whoa!
Forrest. Forrest.
You gorgeous creature.
Choosing the right date look
takes time,
which gives us time
to choose your look.
- Let's go!
- Okay.
See what
we're workin' with here.
- We got a couple of T-shirts.
- I was thinking...
No, no, no,
we're not gonna wear blue.
Um, got whatever
some of this is,
no plaid
'cause we're not into fall,
ratty old sweatpants?
Look, friend,
I am not gonna lie,
this isn't looking good.
I've got some jeans
in the dryer.
- Great. Put those on.
- Okay.
Perfect start,
but I am gonna need you
to put a T-shirt on,
because
I need my full focus.
Thank you so much
for coming.
Are you excited
for the Boathouse's
last talent show?
Oh, we can't wait.
We love "Barracuda".
That's Heart.
This is a different
sister rock duo, Tegan and Sara.
Who owe it all to Sweden's
sibling sensation, Ace of Base.
- Where are the cheques?
- With Captain Crypto
over there.
Oh.
You have them. Halla!
Hey, Teegs, hey, Sara.
How was your flight?
Great,
but our ride's not here.
Oh.
No,
there must be some mistake.
Sit tight,
I will call you right back.
Okay.
- You gonna answer it, babe?
- It's Maisy.
And don't call me babe.
Okay, well, tell her
we got a huge flattie.
Maisy will lose it
if we're late
to pick up Tegan and Sara,
she trusted me.
Okay, well,
maybe she can send Victor.
No.
He'll never make it
with their turnaround!
I have to just pretend
we're in a dead zone.
You have to
fix this, Wayne.
This was my shot.
I mean, that's why
she sent me to pick them up.
She believes in me.
It's why she's so hard on me.
Yeah, or because
she's Tie Domi in yoga pants.
- Victor has a type.
- That's it.
- Uh-oh, babe.
- Don't call me that.
Don't you normally,
keep a spare?
No!
Hey, all right,
Forrest and I
have found a date night lewk
that pays homage
to Forrest's tree planter roots,
but also feels young
and super hot-forward.
- What do you think?
- Hot.
- Damn.
- So...
did you finish
with the hummus?
No, there's this new spice
that makes me want
to keep eating it.
That's the jalapeno... oh.
- 'Cause it's a...
- Mmm, mmm,
so can you go put
the hummus in my room,
and I'll pack up
the laundry?
- Not the fridge?
- Uh, my room...
- Cooler?
- Fridge.
So if you could go do that?
- Justin.
- I mean, you could
also try the hummus
in the laundry room.
They'd probably,
go well together.
- Oh, my God, Justin! Go. Go.
- Fine. I'm... I'm going.
- Missed you.
- Oh. That's too bad.
Um, because there's
something I want to...
- talk about?
- Do you really wanna talk?
Well...
Take this off,
it's summer!
It's hot.
No, no, I...
Tegan, I totally understand.
I... I'm...
I'm so, so sorry.
Tegan and Sara aren't coming.
Jayne never showed up.
Neither did Opal's oysters.
He's on the phone
with Prince Edward Island now.
Look, your mom
really wants to sing.
I promised Canadian twin icons,
not The Devil Wears Jumpsuit.
We're just gonna have to
call the whole thing off.
- I'll strip.
- No, no!
- Whoreen has a weak heart.
- Hmm.
Oh, maybe, you can ask Billie
to sing Tegan and Sara hits.
She did win the talent show
competition last year.
People are expecting
A-list indie darlings,
not an open mic.
It's a talent show.
It's a chance
for the lake to showcase
- its underappreciated talent.
- No Magic Mike.
No.
Fine, I'll text Billie,
but in the meantime,
we have to stall.
Remember when they stalled
the MuchMusic Video Awards
when Strombo got caught
in the Timmy Ho's bathroom
for three hours?
Yeah, we held
a silent auction.
You almost bet the house
on Grimes's elf ears.
I would've looked dope
in those.
Jayne's staging.
Where did you say Opal is?
And for our next item...
...a relic from
the Boathouse canteen.
Can I get
an opening bid of $200
for this dark hole
of nihilism?
Is that 200?
Can I get 220?
How is he getting
these prices?
He was headhunted by Sotheby's
in the fourth grade.
- Oh.
- Here we go,
it's a bet, there it is.
Hummus is in your room
listening to music.
Did you get rid of laundry?
I tried, Justin,
but he's so cute!
I can't choose.
Billie, why don't you just
date both?
'Cause I'm not like you
that way.
Well,
I think after today,
you're exactly like me
like that.
Hey.
- Can I use the washroom?
- Shit!
Did you hear that?
- It's just me, I'm just...
- Mmm!
...me, I'm just choking!
You, Ivy, me, Forrest.
Billie?
You know,
I will be right there.
- Right through here.
- Okay. Cool.
- Thank you, Mr. Lovejoy.
- No, it's Justin!
- This is...
- Bad!
I've escaped
stickier threesomes.
We're just gonna tell him
you've been brainwashed,
- and you're in a cult.
- Fourteen missed calls
from Maisy?
I think I could pass
as a cult leader.
- I'm charismatic,
I thrive in chaos...
- Wait, wait, wait.
Tegan and Sara never showed.
Maisy needs me to sing.
My baby,
filling in for Canada's
queer pop power duo?
- Gagged.
- I mean, I have to go, right?
I mean,
it is the last talent show.
Yeah, as much as
I want to see my girl
take the spotlight
and Kris Jenner all the credit,
I know where I'm needed,
so you go, you go now!
You run, Billie! Run!
What are you doing?
I already called the tow truck.
Emergency kit
has a tire inflator.
Maybe,
we can still make it.
Don't bother.
I should have just told Maisy
when I had the chance.
Now, she'll never forgive me.
Blame me.
She already thinks
that I'm a blown tire.
Oh, Wayne, that's...
that's so...
thank you.
You tried your best, Jaynie.
You always try your best.
And you know what?
Whatever Maisy says,
not your fault.
Sometimes shit just happens.
And sometimes,
shit happens on purpose.
You run over
a box of nails?
In perfect line,
and my spare tire goes missing?
Someone didn't want us
to get to the airport.
No. Makes no sense.
Who wouldn't want
to see Tegan and Sara?
"Everything is Awesome"?
That song still slaps!
I love the Lego movie,
- Jaynie, you know that.
- No, I do. I do know that.
I'm turning into Justin.
Who am I kidding?
I can't run 12 kilometers.
- Right here.
- How about $500?
500 from Claire!
Oh, wow.
Billie can't make it.
I think we're gonna have to
cancel the whole thing.
No, this is your talent show.
There's only one way to save it.
Oh, fine.
Mom, go ahead.
Do your prog rock fantasy
for the swamp people.
I'll duo you one better.
- Sold! To Claire.
- Oh, dear.
Yeah!
- Hey.
So you left out
a tiny detail, did ya?
Like a fool,
I was trying to open your eyes
to the joys of polyamory,
but I draw
the line at incest.
Okay,
we had no idea,
- Mr. Lovejoy...
- It's Justin!
Now, as much as it ages me
to be the parent...
you got's to
clean up your mess.
I know,
that's why I came back, I...
I didn't want
to pull a Justin.
Oh, well...
I'm glad that my trauma
and my name
could be a teachable moment.
Now, because your drama
is about to get hella awkward
in about two seconds,
I will humbly excuse myself
to go fill in
for Tegan and Sara.
Good luck.
- Serious, Billie?
- What the fuck, Billie?
I wasn't trying to play games.
Honest, you guys.
But what
was I supposed to do?
First, my boss's brother
kisses me, and then,
my boss kisses me?
Oh, she was not your boss
when she kissed you,
and she asked
if you were into her brother.
Easy, Ive,
it's not Billie's fault
- she's our type.
- Get a new type!
This can't keep happening.
First, Maya,
and then there was...
That was grade six.
Okay, I don't even know
if Forrest and I
are a thing yet.
- Like, you know...
- The shed
- was definitely a thing.
- Oh, God.
Yes, it kinda was,
no, and then, Ivy,
you kissed me
at the laundry party,
and I don't know, I just...
I just got so confused,
you know?
- Well, we are irresistible.
- This is not cool, Billie.
You can't play both of us.
Yeah, you're right.
Maybe you should go.
We cool?
Yeah. So cool.
Cool.
And, next up,
we have the original
hand-stitched
Boathouse secretary's cushion.
This Warholian throwback,
dripping in irony,
is starting at $500,
$500, everyone!
We want Tegan and Sara!
Anyone?
Get off the stage!
Tegan, Sara!
Tegan, Sara! Tegan, Sara!
- Get off, Dad.
- Tegan, Sara!
Tegan, Sara! Tegan, Sara!
Tegan, Sara!
♪ All I wanna get is ♪
♪ A little bit closer ♪
♪ All I wanna know is ♪
♪ Can you come
a little closer? ♪
♪ Here comes the breath
before we get ♪
♪ A little bit closer ♪
♪ Here comes the rush
before we touch ♪
What?
♪ Come a little closer ♪
Go, baby!
♪ The doors are opening
the wind is really blowing ♪
♪ The night sky
is changing overhead ♪
Yes!
♪ It's not just all physical ♪
♪ I'm the type
who won't get oh so critical ♪
♪ So let's make
the Boathouse physical ♪
♪ I won't treat you
like you're oh, so typical ♪
♪ I want you close,
I want you ♪
♪ I won't treat you
like you're typical ♪
♪ I want you close,
I want you ♪
♪ I won't treat you
like you're typical ♪
♪ It's not just all physical ♪
♪ I'm the type
who won't get oh, so critical ♪
♪ So let's make
the Boathouse physical ♪
♪ I won't treat you
like you're oh, so typical ♪
Wow, look at that!
We are blowing up online.
Total BDE.
Anyone seen
the sex falcon?
Uh, halla.
Um, I would like
to thank Maisy for reminding us
how the lake
needs a place to gather,
and enjoy our
sad little talents together.
I would like
to pledge my portion
of the land sale
to find a home
for the new Boathouse.
Count us in!
Anything for Heart.
Maybe,
we talk about this at home?
Take my money, I'm in, yeah.
Wow! Looks like you got
your Boathouse back.
And we passed for twinsies.
Ooh.
Did my performance
move you to tears?
I didn't see it.
Can only deal with one thing
I love dying in front of me.
Riley's blood tests.
Got low T-cells...
which we know
from Grey's Anatomy
means cancer.
And that's why he told Billie
to hide this letter from me,
and it's all making sense now,
why he proposed,
'cause he felt
like he was running out of time,
and I feel
like this idiot.
These are
my mom's test results.
I had them sent to Riley,
so she wouldn't intercept them.
Oh, thank God!
Oh, holy shit.
Oh, my God, Maisy.
I mean... this is...
we already knew this, right?
I... this isn't...
and it means
Mimsy wasn't lying.
Do you need a hug?
I mean, I...
I know that's not something
that either of us want,
you know, given your bones
are so brittle
and avian-like, but...
I could do that for you,
- if you wanted me to...
- I don't.
Oh.
Oh,
I have to answer this.
Yeah. Okay, yeah.
You take it, good...
good call.
Hey!
Hey, we just
saw your post, girl,
so cringe, it's genius.
I mean, we're
at half a million views already.
You really
are the best, Maisy.
No, you are.
And you are.
Okay, never again, though.
Oh. Oh.
- Hi.
- Hey.
So?
Sophie make a choice?
She did
and, just like the movie,
- she went with the boy.
- Oh, damn!
I was really hoping
you'd taste the rainbow,
but I can totally see
why you'd want a little less
drama-llama-ding-dong
in your life.
You wouldn't know it
after today.
Ivy was big mad.
And I feel
like a garbage human.
Can't blame her.
Hard to give up.
So, how'd it go
at Maisy's?
Oh, Maisy rallied the lake.
Everybody wants a Boathouse.
Mimsy's really dying.
Maisy wins...
- again.
- What about your pee hole?
Don't even.
I know you stole it.
They were Mimsy's
test results.
But there was
a hot second there,
before Maisy
came out to tell me,
where I legit thought
that Riley was dying.
Told you not to open it.
The thought of losing
him is...
I really love him.
I'm getting too old for drama.
Oh, I hope not,
because there's still more.
My parents are coming
to take my Parks Canada tour.
What Parks Canada tour?
Exactly.
Oh, I feel sick.
Same.
♪ If you need a friend ♪
♪ Don't look to the stranger ♪
♪ You know in the end ♪
♪ I'll always be there ♪
♪ And when you're in doubt ♪
♪ And when you're in danger ♪
♪ Take a look all around ♪
♪ And I'll be there ♪
♪ I'm sorry
but I'm just thinking ♪
♪ Of the right words to say ♪
♪ I know they don't sound
the way I planned them to be ♪
♪ But if you wait
around a while ♪
♪ I'll make you fall for me
I promise ♪
♪ I promise you I will ♪